# net.pproj.tutter.client - Kotlin client library for Tutter - OpenAPI 3.0


Tutter is a simple social platform. Developed for PP'23.

## Posts

For storage concerns, the maximum post length allowed on Tutter is only 260 UTF-8 symbol long.

## Users

There is no authentication of any kind to use Tutter. You may post using any name you want. 
Registration is also not required to use Tutter. New user accounts created upon the first time they post something.

Similarly to posts, the maximum length of a username are 32 characters.

## Hashtags

Hashtags are supported in posts. They are automatically parsed from the text of the posts.

A hashtag may only consist of lower case letters from the english alphabet and numbers. Hashtags are parsed up to the first non-allowed symbol (usually a whitespace) or the end of the post. (For convenience upper case letters are allowed during parsing, but they will be treated lowercase) 

There is also and endpoint to fetch posts which contain a specific hashtag.

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [openapi-spec](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 0.1.0
- Package version: 
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.KotlinClientCodegen

## Requires

* Kotlin 1.7.21
* Gradle 7.5

## Build

First, create the gradle wrapper script:

```
gradle wrapper
```

Then, run:

```
./gradlew check assemble
```

This runs all tests and packages the library.

## Features/Implementation Notes

* Supports JSON inputs/outputs, File inputs, and Form inputs.
* Supports collection formats for query parameters: csv, tsv, ssv, pipes.
* Some Kotlin and Java types are fully qualified to avoid conflicts with types defined in OpenAPI definitions.
* Implementation of ApiClient is intended to reduce method counts, specifically to benefit Android targets.

<a name="documentation-for-api-endpoints"></a>
## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to */api*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AuthorApi* | [**authorAuthorIdGet**](docs/AuthorApi.md#authorauthoridget) | **GET** /author/{authorId} | Get a specific author with their posts
*AuthorApi* | [**authorGet**](docs/AuthorApi.md#authorget) | **GET** /author | List authors
*PostApi* | [**postGet**](docs/PostApi.md#postget) | **GET** /post | List posts
*PostApi* | [**postPost**](docs/PostApi.md#postpost) | **POST** /post | Create a new post
*PostApi* | [**postPostIdGet**](docs/PostApi.md#postpostidget) | **GET** /post/{postId} | Get a specific post
*TagApi* | [**tagGet**](docs/TagApi.md#tagget) | **GET** /tag | List hashtags
*TagApi* | [**tagHashtagGet**](docs/TagApi.md#taghashtagget) | **GET** /tag/{hashtag} | Get a specific hashtag with related posts


<a name="documentation-for-models"></a>
## Documentation for Models

 - [net.pproj.tutter.client.models.Author](docs/Author.md)
 - [net.pproj.tutter.client.models.AuthorWithPosts](docs/AuthorWithPosts.md)
 - [net.pproj.tutter.client.models.InternalServerErrorResponse](docs/InternalServerErrorResponse.md)
 - [net.pproj.tutter.client.models.NewPostBody](docs/NewPostBody.md)
 - [net.pproj.tutter.client.models.Post](docs/Post.md)
 - [net.pproj.tutter.client.models.PostWithAuthor](docs/PostWithAuthor.md)
 - [net.pproj.tutter.client.models.Tag](docs/Tag.md)
 - [net.pproj.tutter.client.models.TagWithPosts](docs/TagWithPosts.md)
 - [net.pproj.tutter.client.models.UserErrorResponse](docs/UserErrorResponse.md)


<a name="documentation-for-authorization"></a>
## Documentation for Authorization

All endpoints do not require authorization.
